Updated Contribute topic (#33)
percona/everest-doc: docs/contribute.md

# Contributing guide

Thank you for deciding to contribute and help us improve Percona Everest! We also contribute to other open source projects and communities! Let’s make technology better!

By contributing, you agree to the [Percona Community code of conduct](https://percona.community/contribute/coc/).

We welcome all kinds of contributions so here's how you can get involved:

- Submit bug reports or feature requests
- Submit a code patch
- Contribute to documentation

## Submit a bug report or feature request

If you find a bug in Percona Everest, you can submit a report via the [Percona  Everest Community Forum](https://forums.percona.com). 

> Start by searching the open topics for a similar report. If you find that someone else has already reported your problem, then you can upvote that report to increase its visibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by searching the open topics for a similar report. If you find that someone else has already reported the same issue, you can upvote that report to increase its visibility.
```

If there is no existing report, submit a report following these steps:

1. Sign in to [Percona Everest Forum](hhttps://forums.percona.com/). You will need to create an account if you do not have one.

2. Create a report that:      

>       -  describes the steps to reproduce the problem

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      -  describes the steps to reproduce the issue
```

      -  includes the version of Percona Everest, your environment, and so on
      -  has not been reported already 
      -  is scoped to a single bug

> ## Contributing to Percona Everest code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contribute to Percona Everest code:
```

If you’d like to submit a code patch, follow the [Contributing guide in Everest code repository](https://github.com/percona/percona-everest-backend/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Contribute to Percona Everest documentation

> Found a typo or didn't find what you needed?  Here's how you can contribute to the documentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Found a typo or didn't find what you needed? Here's how you can contribute to the documentation:
```
